add namespace toggle to tproxy (#510)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

  * `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy-exclude-outbound-cidrs` - Comma-separated list of IPs or CIDRs to exclude.
  * `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy-exclude-uids` - Comma-separated list of Linux user IDs to exclude.

* Connect: Add the ability to set default tproxy mode at namespace level via label. [[GH-501](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/510)]

>   Setting the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` to `true/false` will define whether tproxy is enabled/disabled for the pod.
>   * If a `namespace` has the label `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` set to `true/false` - this will define the default behaviour for pods in this namespace which do not also have the respective annotation set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Setting the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` to `true/false` will define whether tproxy is enabled/disabled for the pod.
  * Setting the label `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` set to `true/false` will define the default behaviour for pods in this namespace which do not also have the respective annotation set.
```

>   * If not set on both pod and namespace - The default tproxy behaviour will be defined by the value of `-enable-transparent-proxy` to the `consul-k8s inject-connect` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The default tproxy behavior will be defined by the value of `-enable-transparent-proxy` flag to the `consul-k8s inject-connect` command. It can be overridden in a namespace by the the label on the namespace or for a pod using the annotation on the pod.
```

  * `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy-exclude-outbound-cidrs` - Comma-separated list of IPs or CIDRs to exclude.
  * `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy-exclude-uids` - Comma-separated list of Linux user IDs to exclude.

* Connect: Add the ability to set default tproxy mode at namespace level via label. [[GH-501](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/510)]

  Setting `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` to `true/false` will have the following behaviour:
  * If set as a `pod annotation` - This will define whether tproxy is enabled/disabled for the pod.
  * If set as a `namespace label` - This will define the default behaviour for pods in this namespace which do not have their respective annotation set.

>   * If not set on either pod or namespace - The default behaviour will be defined by the `connectInject.transparentProxy.defaultEnabled` helm value.

Reviewer: Given this a change in `consul-k8s`, can you rephrase the `connectInject.transparentProxy.defaultEnabled` helm value as the equivalent flag and sub-command it gets set on in `consul-k8s`?
Additionally, I'd phrase it as annotation on the Pod and label on the Namespace. I don't think `pod annotation` and `namespace label` seem accurate. 
Conversely:
Setting the annotations `consul.hashicorp.com/transparent-proxy` to `true/false` on the pod will define whether tproxy is enabled/disabled for the pod. Maybe?
